Update docs based on 488 (#489)
AequilibraE/qaequilibrae: docs/source/development/i18n.rst

access to the project. Approving your request might take a couple of days (we are a small team of
developers!), so don't worry.

.. image:: ../images/development/tx_project_1.png
    :width: 1250
    :align: center
    :alt: ask-to-join-tx-project

You'll be redirected to this page to enter your translation languages of preference.

.. image:: ../images/development/tx_project_2.png
    :width: 1250
    :align: center
    :alt: select-tx-pref-languages

> As soon as you have your request approved, you can log in once more in Transifex and begin translating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As soon as you have your request approved, you can log in once again on Transifex and begin translating.
```
